ProbProg: bump jll +  infer diagnostics (#3091)
EnzymeAD/Reactant.jl: docs/src/tutorials/probprog/mcmc.md

### Diagnostics

`Bool` matrix of shape `(num_samples ÷ thinning, 2)`. Column 1 is
acceptance (HMC: MH acceptance; NUTS: always `true`). Column 2 is
divergence (HMC: always `false`; NUTS: `true` if the transition

> diverged). `log_densities` is a rank-1 `Float64` tensor of length

Reviewer: ```suggestion
diverged). `log_densities` is a `Vector{Float64}` of length
```
